You can tell him
He knows exactly what kind of person I am
Hey
Your celebrity wolf doesn't care about anything
Aren't you afraid of walking away?
What do you want to do hehe
I guessed it right
You don't have money, I can ask him for it.
What do you dare me to do?
I'm all alone.
The big deal is to die together
Hahaha
I didn't expect you to climb high branches, you stinky bitch
Ok ok hahaha
I just wanted to see if he was rich
If you go to get revenge on him
Then I'll just change the man at most
Then since you don't care
Why don't you let me find him?
I haven't reaped any benefits from him yet
Of course I don't want anything to happen to him.
After all, the chairperson of Huanyu Group
Not everyone can hope for it
But that day in your company building
I see he is very nice to you
I deliberately pretended to be pitiful
It's just a means to make him die for me
I didn't expect him to be so stupid
Really stupid